today in gas try is lost of lilies
From Talavera de la Reina, we are going to
make a special stage of revolt
we have been from guadeloupe with onion
caramelized and apple in textures the
ingredients are apples sugar and water
for onion apple compote and
sugar to make the zulia chain
caramelized guadalupe blood sausage
eggs oil potatoes
and the tempura for the donuts that it carries
brings you flour beer and liquor
apple we cut the finite onion
juliana and we put it together with the sugar
We take the fire and leave it to fire
slow after a little while here
slow fire we already have to made
we remove the onions
we cut the manzanita
you do not need very small pieces either
here we put them on fire
with sugar
in which the manzanita and already knows well
bleached and sugar near my list
we remove it from the fire and crushing it
of the machine
we remove it
already crushed
we're from the olive district the pan
a little degrease a bit of olive
cutting the paw
since we have peeled before
if we cut it into taquitos, it does not
they must be equal
we take the potato and leave it to fire
slow
and let him rely on the appetite we miss him
a pinch of salt we already have the potato
prepared we removed the term
now we cut the manzanita
we take the lows
and we do not call it fire for the signatures
and we put it
a tempura that we have done with the
flour with beer and liquor
Apple
we cover well that leads to no
rest of the tempura
and we take it
in the city
we explain the apple
of the fried foods we put them on paper
and we are ready to decorate
Scrambled eggs with sausage
we have in the zoo the blood sausage of
guadeloupe for a little cited him
we add the bow tie that we have
completed previously
we put a little bit of the onion
we have also changed so that
analyzed
we mix all the ingredients
then
we are the youngsters
now we put a little piece of fruit
red
to decorate we put a little bit of
powder that we have made with pistachio
chopped
we come for the morcilla treat
warm
of the mold
we have a little apple
in raw
and the pretty ones we've done with the
Amazon
in the appointment to the gaditano
because in identity is that of gastro bar
I would buy a compound that is very
fashion in a gastrobar you will be able to
find tops that range from a price
from 250 to 10 euros are author's tapas
scrambled black pudding until a good
anchovy of santoña you have to have an octopus
to feira as we are Extremadura
we also work a lot on veal
where we work pork
very good good presentation and very good
taste is not the first time the
game and really very well
I invite you all to come and try
test our deadlines and we wait here
in our camp